# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

## [unreleased]

### 🚀 Features

- README.md
- Nimble init units package.
- Git-cliff CHANGELOG automation with GithubActions
- Add cliff.toml configuration file
- CI with GithubActions
- *(utils.nim)* Defined some AST utility procedures and exported std/macros to work with NimNode across the whole units package.
- *(unitInfo.nim)* Defined UnitInfo structure to contain info on a quantity and its units, defined SystemInfo structure to contain info on an unit system.
- *(units.nim)* Imported units/[utils, unitInfo] and defined unitSystem macro to define a new unitSystem as a code block.
- *(prefix.nim)* UnitPrefixed concept type and floatMaybePrefixed to let distinct floats use unit prefixes.
- *(unitInfo.nim)* SystemInfo typeDefinition to define a type compatible with static[int] and distinct float. SystemInfo quantityDefinition to define and declare quantities types and procs.
- *(unitSystem)* Added SystemInfo type definition and its quantities definitions.
- *(unitQuantity)* It is now possible to define new unit quantities using mathematical operation such as '*, /, ^" and to do simple operations between different quantities.
- Inner operation on same unit quantities.
- Print procedures for unitQuantity.
- *(units.nim)* UnitPrefix and unitAbbr macros for unit convertions and abbreviations.

### 🐛 Bug Fixes

- Install instead of build the package in the ci action
- Some errors after branch merge
- Some random line of code from previous merges.
- *(units.nimble)* SkipDirs not skipDir!

### 🚜 Refactor

- *(units.nim)* Unused prefix import removed.
- *(tests)* Removed output in order to build a SI unitSystem.

### 🧪 Testing

- *(unitSystem)* Testing the unitSystem macro to generate a new unit system by listing quantities, units and symbols.
- *(unitSystem)* Tested quantity definition and procedure.
- Testing unitPrefix and unitAbbr with SI units.

<!-- generated by git-cliff -->
